add support package documentation (#1469)
localstack/docs: content/en/getting-started/help-and-support/index.md

## Introduction

> The support team is available to help you with:

Reviewer: This intro reads a little weird. First, it is talking about "official" support but hasn't actually laid out who gets that yet. For example, you can definitely ask questions about general troubleshooting in the community Slack (no idea if anyone will answer but that's a different issue of building an active community that we aim to solve).

It also tells you support doesn't answer billing or non-technical issues but then tells if you have those kinds of issues email support.

I would start by laying out (as you did in the prior version) that there are a variety of support channels available to LocalStack users and that all users, even free ones, have access to support. You access to certain types of support channels depend upon which type of account/plan you have. Something like that. The message should be something like we're here to help but right now the intro reads very terse and unfriendly to me.

### Basic support

Basic Support is included for all LocalStack users, and provides access to our documentation, community support, account management support (operational support).

You can avail community support through the following channels:

- [LocalStack Discuss](https://discuss.localstack.cloud/)
- [LocalStack Slack Community](https://localstack.cloud/slack)
- [GitHub Issue](https://github.com/localstack/docs/issues/new)

Community support is provided on a best-effort basis and is not guaranteed.
We also encourage you to help others in the community by answering questions and sharing your experiences.

### Standard support

Standard support is available to all LocalStack users with an active Starter or Trial subscription.
With standard support, you get access to 1v1 support based on best effort basis.
With the best effort support, we do not provide fixed response times.
However, as we understand the importance of timely assistance, our support team always strives to respond to inquiries and requests within 24–48 hours during our [regular business hours](#support-business-hours).

> #### Troubleshooting Guidelines

Reviewer 2: This whole section needs to be moved under the mentioned sections. Right now it's cutting through the `Support plans` section.

```
### Priority Support
### Enterprise Support
```

In case you encounter any issues with LocalStack, follow these troubleshooting guidelines:

- Review the documentation and FAQs for possible solutions.
- Check the system requirements to ensure compatibility.
- Verify the configuration settings against the documentation.
- Consult the error logs for any relevant error messages or warnings.
- Seek guidance from the community through the user forum.

{{< callout "note" >}}

> In many scenarios, we ask our customers to use Diagnosis endpoint to help us retrieve additional information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In many scenarios, we ask our customers to use the diagnostics endpoint to provide additional information.
```

> To use LocalStack's Diagnosis endpoint:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To use LocalStack's diagnostics endpoint:
```

- Set the environment variable `LS_LOG=trace`
- Start LocalStack
- Run the affected task(s)
- Call the diagnostic endpoint `curl -s localhost:4566/_localstack/diagnose | gzip -cf > diagnose.json.gz` (Endpoint URL depends on your configuration)
- Send the output file to our Slack chat

> Ensure that you avoid sending the diagnostic output to public channels or forums, as it may contain sensitive information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<span style="color: darkred;">**Ensure that you avoid sending the diagnostic output to public channels or forums, as it may contain sensitive information.**</span>
```
I would like to emphasize this sentence even more.

{{< /callout >}}

#### Channels

> You can avail standard support through the following channels:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Standard support can be accessed through the following channels:
```

- [LocalStack Slack Bot](https://localstack.cloud/slack)
- [LocalStack Web Application](https://app.localstack.cloud)

##### LocalStack Support Bot

> To create a support ticket:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To create a support ticket:

- Search for the LocalStack Pro Support in our [Slack Community](https://localstack.cloud/slack).
- Navigate to Messages and type your request.
- Include relevant details such as error logs, configuration settings, and steps to reproduce the issue.

Providing detailed information upfront helps our team respond more quickly and efficiently.
After submitting, the support team will respond as soon as possible.
```

We should mention a list of what they need to provide do to resolve the issue more quickly.

| Real-time chat support\*     |       |          |          | ✅         |
| Support ticketing portal     |       |          |          | ✅         |
| SLAs                         |       |          |          | ✅         |
| Direct Slack connect channel |       |          |          | ✅         |
| Dedicated CSM and AM         |       |          |          | ✅         |

- Real time chat support is offered during our [Support Business Hours](#support-business-hours)

## Support channels

| Channels              | Basic | Standard | Priority | Enterprise |
| --------------------- |:-------:|:----------:|:----------:|:------------:|
| Slack community       | ✅    | ✅       | ✅       | ✅         |
| GitHub Issues         | ✅    | ✅       | ✅       | ✅         |
| Support email         |       | ✅       | ✅       | ✅         |
| Slack support bot     |       | ✅       | ✅       | ✅         |
| Web Application chat          |       | ✅       | ✅       | ✅         |
| Ticketing portal      |       |          |          | ✅         |
| Slack connect channel |       |          |          | ✅         |

## Support plans

> Find details about the various support services and what they include below.
> Refer to the [Support Features](#support-features) section for a breakdown of which features are available in each plan.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
Let's remove this part.

- **Customer-Specific Code**: Our support does not extend to the custom code that customers build using LocalStack.
  This includes debugging, optimizing, or modifying customer-written scripts, applications, or workflows.
- **AWS Services in Production**: We do not provide support for the deployment, management, or troubleshooting of AWS services in a production environment.
  Our focus is solely on the emulated services within LocalStack.

#### Channels

Standard support can be accessed through the following channels:

- [LocalStack Slack Bot](https://localstack.cloud/slack)
- [LocalStack Web Application](https://app.localstack.cloud)

##### LocalStack Support Bot

To create a support ticket:

- Search for the LocalStack Pro Support in our [Slack Community](https://localstack.cloud/slack).
- Navigate to Messages and type your request.
- Include relevant details such as error logs, configuration settings, and steps to reproduce the issue.

Providing detailed information upfront helps our team respond more quickly and efficiently.
After submitting, the support team will respond as soon as possible.

> - Search for the **LocalStack Pro Support** in our [Slack Community](https://localstack.cloud/slack).
> - Navigate to **Messages** and type your message to LocalStack Pro Support.
> 
> Sending a message to LocalStack Pro Support will create a support ticket, and our support team will respond to your request as quickly as possible.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Text is duplicated.

- Select **Technical Question** from the menu.
- Fill in the required details and send your message.

### Priority support

> Priority support is available to all LocalStack users with active Teams or Enterprise subscription.
> With priority support, you get access to dedicated 1v1 priority support.
> As part of our Priority support plan, we are committed to providing faster response times which are as following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Priority support is available for users with active Teams or Enterprise subscriptions, offering dedicated 1v1 assistance and faster response times:
```

> - **First response time**: first response within 24h

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **First response**: within 24 hours
```

> - **Follow-up response time:** response to all follow-ups within 24h.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Follow-up responses:** within 24 hours
```

Please note that all responses are provided during our normal operating hours.
While we strive to respond within a 24-hour timeframe, we cannot guarantee that every response will meet this timeline.

> To enhance issue identification and provide a more efficient troubleshooting experience, our support engineers may offer scheduled live screen sharing sessions.
> During these sessions, our support engineers can directly observe and diagnose the issues you are encountering, ensuring a quicker and more effective resolution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Our support engineers may schedule live screen sharing sessions to directly observe and diagnose issues, ensuring faster and more effective resolutions.
```
I think it still missing something, but can't think of it now

### Enterprise support

To learn more about the support available to **Enterprise** plan users, refer to the [Enterprise Support]({{<ref "enterprise-support" >}}) page.

## Support Business Hours

> Our support operates in CET timezone Monday to Friday from 8 AM to 4 PM, excluding the following days:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Our support team operates in the CET timezone, Monday to Friday, from 8 AM to 4 PM, excluding the following holidays:
```
